>> Brian Holt: Moving on to the next two
tools that we're gonna be talking about.
We're going to be talking
about Webpack and Babel.
We're gonna be using Webpack 2 today,
which is the new version.
It's still technically in beta, but
the only reason it's still in
beta is the documentation.
The actual core code itself is done,
not changing.
They just need to finish
the documentation.
And as far as I know they're almost done.
Pretty close.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let's talk first about Webpack.
It's a phenomenal tool.
I definitely suggest it for
anyone that's gonna be building new apps.
>> Brian Holt: The basic,
most basic part about Webpack is it takes
all of your modules that you create and
then it puts them together in one file and
then makes that available to send down.
Like that is the core, basic part of
what Webpack is gonna do for you.
It basically allows you to separate
your one giant JavaScript file
into multiple smaller ones.
And then you can just say okay,
import this from this one,
import this from this one.
It's gonna make you one bundle file and
you send that down the wire.
That's the most basic part of it.
Then there's 15 billion other
things you can do with it, right?
So it has what are called loaders.
Loaders are basically say okay,
I'm gonna pull in this file,
but I'm also going to run
it through this like,
middle processing to go from
this format to another format.
And I'm gonna run this one
through the linter, right?
It does all sorts of crazy other stuff for
you.
>> Brian Holt: But a tool like Webpack or
Browserify or rollup, or
any of these other packaging tools,
are essential because if you
have an app the size of Netflix,
you need to break it down
into smaller modules.
Like that's just a given,
that must happen, and
it's up to you to figure out how
that happens, but it has to happen.
It becomes untenable to
have a 50,000 line file.
Like, that's a non-starter, right?
So enter Webpack,
that's the tool that we're gonna use.
I think today Webpack 2 is definitely
the best piece of software that it
does everything the best.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's actually just go and
do a quick experiment
with it to show you exactly
what I'm talking about.
So go into, or create a new file,
and put it in your JS directory.
>> Brian Holt: And call it MyTitle.js.
Okay, then go to client app and
just rip out all of this MyTitle stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Actually,
I just take that whole thing up there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
we're gonna go to MyTitle.js.
Paste all that in there.
This doesn't need React.DOM,
so we can get rid of that.
>> Speaker 2: Could you boost
the font a little bit?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Better?
>> Speaker 2: There you go, thank you.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so you're gonna
have.
>> Brian Holt: CreateClass here, so
this is just what we had before.
>> Brian Holt: And
then what we're gonna do down here.
>> Brian Holt: Let's
see.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
we'll fix that in just a second.
>> Brian Holt: We're
going to say, there, okay, cool.
So rather than have that global react at
the top, we're gonna say import React from
'react.'
>> Brian Holt: And what this is signaling
to our packagers like, hey, I need you
to go out and grab the React module,
which it's just gonna know to grab
from your node modules directory.
And bring that in as the React variable,
right?
I could call this Blah, right?
And it would just refer to it as Blah.
But we're gonna say that React, right?
Now we have React available in this scope.
So now this isn't coming from
the global scope, this is coming and
being locally injected here, okay?
And then what we're gonna do down here
at the bottom is we're gonna say,
export default MyTitle.
And what that is doing is it's saying,
I created this MyTitle piece of code.
Now whenever someone else requests this
particular module, give them this, right?
You're just identifying here
is the thing I'm trying to
export from this particular file.
>> Brian Holt: And the default part just
comes from, because you're can
export multiple different things,
right?
>> Brian Holt: So
you can export multiple different things.
So this is called,
these are ES6 modules, right?
And there's a couple different ways
of doing modules in JavaScript.
I would say the most common way,
ha ha, is CommonJS, right?
And that's one that node, in particular,
uses.
>> Brian Holt: Node is trying to find
the way to get in to ES 6 modules but
they haven't figured that out yet.
I think they kind of have figured it out
but now they need to just implement it but
they're still kind of landing on that,
but this is the syntax of the future.
This is the one that you kind
of want to start moving towards
because this is what
we're going to settle on.
For those of you that are used to
writing CommonJS, this var React =
require('react'), that's these two
are essentially synonymous, right?
So you don't need that, that's just, and
those two are synonymous.
>> Brian Holt: If
we're used to writing CommonJS.
Any questions about ES6 modules?
That's the one we're using today, so.
>> Speaker 3: So
on these files running the Webpack.
>> Brian Holt: Sorry?
>> Speaker 3: You're using Webpack?
>> Brian Holt: I haven't started using
Webpack yet.
>> Speaker 3: No?
>> Brian Holt: I'll show you in
just a second.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: I'm converting it so
that it will be in Webpack-like syntax.